You fucking keep going.
The foot on the gas.
If you're the Rock,
do you need to do 19 movies?
And He's 22 ladies.
Can we just three last year did 19 movies this year.
20 to 22 movies.
20 2022 boobs getting bigger.
Matter of fact,
he'll be your 3000 pounds.
Yeah.
Like how many?
He's a gorilla man that is so jacked right now.
He's so huge too.
When you meet them in real life,
you're like,
oh my goodness,
he's so,
he's so jacked.
He's so inspirational too,
man.
You know,
he's,
but it's,
you know,
not as being busy.
Like how,
how often is he home to these?
So inspirational.
Oh,
that's true.
Yeah.
It's hard,
man.
It ain't easy.
Well,
I know my schedule.
Yeah.
And I look at how often with this month.
That's a silver back dude.
His under Armour shoes.
So his workout workout shoes are dope.
I love this fucking guy,
man.
I love the five.
Love them too.
I can go to his Instagram at anytime and he's always super positive and it's
always super motivated and motivational and he's always getting after it.
I love it.
He's always getting after it.
But I wonder what it is in him that you have to do this many movies when he was
young man,
he was young.
He fell upon hard times and he never forgot.
And that's a,
that's who he is now.
He did.
And he also knows that he inspires people with that work ethic.
Part of what who he is is not just the things that he accomplishes,
but how he makes people feel like that guy.
He's an inspirational person.
I think the same thing you can say about Kevin Hart and a lot of ways,
man,
I think it's for selfish reasons too though.
Cause you checked those boxes.
I'm not saying he's a bad guy,
but there's also this,
this ego.
Everyone has an ego that he has to fill.
I'll do that.
She gets from the tungsten red carpets and he talks about,
it,
talks about kicking ass.
He talks about how everything's going great.
You know,
he talks about that whole getting after it,
that whole aspect of it.
Sure.
But there's a kidney cancer.
Selfish for sure.
For sure.
You have to be,
they have to be for anybody who does anything really good like that.
Like you've gotta be doing some of it for yourself.
But he's also,
what he's getting out of it is his,
what he gets out of it.
But what he gives out of it,
it's not just entertaining with that guy.
What's interesting is he's,
he's also super motivational.
Right?
Like if he leads by example,
which I always really positive now w before social media,
when you had an action star,
you just had the guy that you went to see in the movie and you saw like,
you know Sylvester Arnold Schwarzenegger Terminator.
Yeah.
They would do interview.
Can't relate to them.
Yeah.
It would be kind of interesting,
but it wasn't this kind of thing.
The Rock is the rock and he's also the rock on social media and he makes very
good use of social media because he just taught x right to the fucking camera.
And you could tell he knows what he wants to say,
but he's speaking from the heart.
She's still planning,
right?
So he's interacting with people in know who's done even better than this,
which the rock might be the best.
But on the other side of this will Smith,
he's fantastic.
Wellsmith hold up.
Okay,
so the movie's doing are right,
but Instagram is the new shit.
All right,
let me focus on this.
And it's,
I mean,
ridiculous how good he is on there.